.\" Manual page for docmost-cli-comment(1)
.\" Source: SPECIFICATION.md section 4.4, src/docmost_cli/cli/comment.py
.TH DOCMOST\-CLI\-COMMENT 1 "2026\-03\-22" "docmost\-cli 0.4.0" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
docmost\-cli\-comment \- comment operations for Docmost wiki pages
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B docmost\-cli comment list
.I page\-id
.RB [ \-\-json ]
.br
.B docmost\-cli comment create
.I page\-id
.BI \-\-content " text"
.br
.B docmost\-cli comment update
.I comment\-id
.BI \-\-content " text"
.SH DESCRIPTION
Commands for managing comments on Docmost wiki pages.
Comments are displayed as plain text extracted from the underlying
ProseMirror content, truncated to approximately 100 characters in
table output.
.SH SUBCOMMANDS
.SS list
List comments on a page.
.PP
.I page\-id
is the UUID of the page whose comments to list.
.TP
.B \-\-json
Output as a JSON array instead of a Rich table.
.PP
Table columns: id, content, creatorId, createdAt.
.SS create
Add a comment to a page.
.PP
.I page\-id
is the UUID of the page to comment on.
.TP
.BI \-\-content " text"
Comment text.
Required.
.PP
Outputs the new comment ID to stdout.
.SS update
Update an existing comment.
.PP
.I comment\-id
is the UUID of the comment to update.
.TP
.BI \-\-content " text"
New comment text.
Required.
.PP
Outputs the updated comment ID to stdout.
.SH EXAMPLES
List comments on a page:
.PP
.RS 4
.EX
$ docmost\-cli comment list 019a2a69\-xxxx
.EE
.RE
.PP
Add a comment:
.PP
.RS 4
.EX
$ docmost\-cli comment create 019a2a69\-xxxx \-\-content "Looks good, ship it!"
.EE
.RE
.PP
Update a comment:
.PP
.RS 4
.EX
$ docmost\-cli comment update 019b3c8f\-yyyy \-\-content "Updated review notes"
.EE
.RE
.SH EXIT STATUS
See
.BR docmost\-cli (1).
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR docmost\-cli (1),
.BR docmost\-cli\-page (1)
.SH AUTHORS
Georg
.MT georg@mann\-mouse.at
.ME .
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2026 Georg.
License AGPLv3+: GNU Affero General Public License version 3 or later.
