.\" Manual page for docmost-cli-sync(1)
.\" Source: SPECIFICATION.md section 4.10, src/docmost_cli/cli/sync_cmd.py
.TH DOCMOST\-CLI\-SYNC 1 "2026\-03\-22" "docmost\-cli 0.4.0" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
docmost\-cli\-sync \- synchronize Docmost pages with local Markdown files
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B docmost\-cli sync pull
.I space\-slug
.RB [ \-\-dir
.IR path ]
.RB [ \-\-force ]
.br
.B docmost\-cli sync push
.I space\-slug
.RB [ \-\-dir
.IR path ]
.RB [ \-\-dry\-run ]
.RB [ \-\-delete ]
.br
.B docmost\-cli sync status
.I space\-slug
.RB [ \-\-dir
.IR path ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
The sync commands enable documentation\-as\-code workflows by maintaining
a local directory of Markdown files that mirrors a Docmost space.
.PP
Each page is stored as a single Markdown file with YAML frontmatter
containing page metadata.
A
.I .docmost\-manifest.json
file tracks sync state using SHA\-256 content hashes for change detection
(timestamps are not used).
.SS Local directory format
After
.BR "sync pull" ,
the target directory contains:
.PP
.RS 4
.EX
engineering/
  Getting Started\-\-019a2a69.md
  API Reference\-\-019b3c8f.md
  .docmost\-manifest.json
.EE
.RE
.PP
Each file is named
.IB title \-\- id\-prefix .md
and contains YAML frontmatter:
.PP
.RS 4
.EX
\-\-\-
id: 019a2a69\-xxxx\-xxxx\-xxxx\-xxxxxxxxxxxx
title: Getting Started
parent_id: null
icon: null
\-\-\-

# Getting Started

Page content here...
.EE
.RE
.SS Edition\-aware content updates
.TP
.B Enterprise edition
Direct content update via the REST API.
The page ID is preserved.
.TP
.B Community edition
Safe create\-then\-delete workflow: a new page is created and verified
before the old page is removed.
This ensures no data loss even if the operation is interrupted.
.SH SUBCOMMANDS
.SS pull
Download all pages from a space to local Markdown files.
.PP
.I space\-slug
identifies the space to pull from.
.PP
Creates a directory with one
.I .md
file per page (with YAML frontmatter) and a
.I .docmost\-manifest.json
tracking sync state.
.TP
.BI \-\-dir " path"
Target directory.
Default:
.BI ./ space\-slug /
in the current working directory.
.TP
.B \-\-force
Overwrite local changes without warning.
Without this flag, locally modified files are preserved and a warning
is printed.
.SS push
Upload local changes to the Docmost server.
.PP
.I space\-slug
identifies the space to push changes to.
.PP
Requires a prior
.B sync pull
to establish the manifest.
Prompts for confirmation before applying changes unless
.B \-\-yes
or
.B \-\-dry\-run
is set.
.TP
.BI \-\-dir " path"
Source directory.
Default:
.BI ./ space\-slug /
in the current working directory.
.TP
.B \-\-dry\-run
Show what changes would be applied without executing them.
.TP
.B \-\-delete
Delete server pages that are not found locally.
Without this flag, pages deleted from the local directory are
left untouched on the server.
.SS status
Show changes between local files and the last\-pulled state.
.PP
.I space\-slug
identifies the space to check.
.PP
Displays a summary of new, modified, moved, deleted, and unchanged files
by comparing current file content hashes against the manifest.
.TP
.BI \-\-dir " path"
Directory to check.
Default:
.BI ./ space\-slug /
in the current working directory.
.SH EXAMPLES
Pull a space to a local directory:
.PP
.RS 4
.EX
$ docmost\-cli sync pull engineering
$ docmost\-cli sync pull engineering \-\-dir ./docs/eng
.EE
.RE
.PP
Check what has changed locally:
.PP
.RS 4
.EX
$ docmost\-cli sync status engineering
.EE
.RE
.PP
Preview changes before pushing:
.PP
.RS 4
.EX
$ docmost\-cli sync push engineering \-\-dry\-run
.EE
.RE
.PP
Push changes (with confirmation prompt):
.PP
.RS 4
.EX
$ docmost\-cli sync push engineering
.EE
.RE
.PP
Push changes non\-interactively, deleting removed pages:
.PP
.RS 4
.EX
$ docmost\-cli \-y sync push engineering \-\-delete
.EE
.RE
.PP
Typical docs\-as\-code workflow:
.PP
.RS 4
.EX
$ docmost\-cli sync pull engineering \-\-dir ./docs/
$ $EDITOR docs/Getting\\ Started\-\-019a2a69.md
$ docmost\-cli sync status engineering \-\-dir ./docs/
$ docmost\-cli sync push engineering \-\-dir ./docs/
.EE
.RE
.SH EXIT STATUS
See
.BR docmost\-cli (1).
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR docmost\-cli (1),
.BR docmost\-cli\-page (1),
.BR docmost\-cli\-space (1)
.SH AUTHORS
Georg
.MT georg@mann\-mouse.at
.ME .
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2026 Georg.
License AGPLv3+: GNU Affero General Public License version 3 or later.
