.\" Manual page for docmost-cli(1)
.\" Source: SPECIFICATION.md, src/docmost_cli/cli/main.py
.TH DOCMOST\-CLI 1 "2026\-03\-22" "docmost\-cli 0.4.0" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
docmost\-cli \- manage Docmost wiki instances from the terminal
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B docmost\-cli
.RI [ global\-options ]
.I command
.RI [ command\-options ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B docmost\-cli
is a command\-line tool for interacting with Docmost wiki instances.
It provides full CRUD access to pages, spaces, comments, and attachments,
as well as bidirectional sync between a Docmost space and a local directory
of Markdown files.
.PP
Designed for both human operators and automation pipelines,
.B docmost\-cli
follows Unix conventions: data goes to stdout, messages go to stderr,
and every command is pipeable.
.PP
All page content is presented as Markdown.
ProseMirror JSON (Docmost's internal format) is converted automatically
and never exposed unless
.B \-\-raw
is used.
.PP
.B docmost\-cli
supports two authentication modes:
.TP
.B API key (Enterprise edition)
Bearer\-token authentication using a
.I dm_
prefixed key.
.TP
.B Email/password (Community edition)
Session\-based authentication via
.IR /api/auth/login .
A JWT is cached locally and refreshed automatically on 401 responses.
.PP
Auth mode is auto\-detected from configuration: if
.B api_key
is set it takes precedence; otherwise
.B email
and
.B password
are used.
.SH GLOBAL OPTIONS
.TP
.BR \-p ", " \-\-profile " " \fIname\fR
Configuration profile to use.
Default:
.BR default .
.TP
.BI \-\-url " url"
Override the Docmost instance URL for this invocation.
.TP
.BI \-\-api\-key " key"
Override the API key for this invocation.
.TP
.BR \-y ", " \-\-yes
Skip all confirmation prompts (useful for scripting).
.TP
.BR \-v ", " \-\-verbose
Enable debug logging.
Prints HTTP requests and responses to stderr.
.TP
.BI \-\-config " path"
Path to an alternative configuration file.
.SH COMMANDS
Each command group is documented in its own man page.
Run
.BI "docmost\-cli " "command" " \-\-help"
for quick usage, or see the corresponding man page for full documentation.
.TP
.BR config
Manage configuration: interactive setup, show, set values, test connectivity.
See
.BR docmost\-cli\-config (1).
.TP
.BR page
Page operations: list, get, create, update, delete, move, duplicate, copy,
children, history, export, import.
See
.BR docmost\-cli\-page (1).
.TP
.BR space
Space operations: list, create, update.
See
.BR docmost\-cli\-space (1).
.TP
.BR sync
Sync space pages to/from a local directory of Markdown files.
See
.BR docmost\-cli\-sync (1).
.TP
.BR comment
Comment operations: list, create, update.
See
.BR docmost\-cli\-comment (1).
.TP
.BR search
Full\-text search across pages and attachments.
See
.BR docmost\-cli\-search (1).
.TP
.BR attachment
Attachment operations: search.
See
.BR docmost\-cli\-attachment (1).
.TP
.BR workspace
Workspace information: details and member listing.
See
.BR docmost\-cli\-workspace (1).
.TP
.BR user
Current user information.
See
.BR docmost\-cli\-user (1).
.SH OUTPUT CONVENTIONS
.B docmost\-cli
separates machine\-readable data (stdout) from human\-readable messages
(stderr) so that output can be captured or piped reliably.
.TS
l l l.
Command type	stdout	stderr
_
Content (page get)	Raw Markdown	nothing
Content + meta (page get \-\-meta)	YAML frontmatter + Markdown	nothing
Lists (page list, search, ...)	Rich table or JSON (\-\-json)	nothing
Writes (page create, delete, ...)	Resource ID only	Confirmation message
Sync status	Change summary	nothing
Sync push \-\-dry\-run	Action plan	nothing
Sync ops (pull, push)	nothing	Progress + summary
Errors	nothing	Error message
.TE
.SH CONFIGURATION
Configuration is stored in a TOML file supporting multiple named profiles.
.SS File format
.PP
.EX
[default]
url = "https://docs.example.com"
# Enterprise edition:
api_key = "dm_xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx"

# Community edition (used if api_key is absent):
# email = "user@example.com"
# password = "secret"

[staging]
url = "https://staging\-docs.example.com"
api_key = "dm_yyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy"
.EE
.SS Priority chain
.PP
CLI flags > environment variables > config file > defaults.
.PP
Run
.B docmost\-cli config init
for an interactive setup wizard, or
.B docmost\-cli config test
to verify connectivity and authentication.
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.TP
.B DOCMOST_URL
Docmost instance URL.
.TP
.B DOCMOST_API_KEY
API key (Enterprise edition).
.TP
.B DOCMOST_EMAIL
Login email (Community edition).
.TP
.B DOCMOST_PASSWORD
Login password (Community edition).
.TP
.B DOCMOST_PROFILE
Active profile name.
.TP
.B XDG_CONFIG_HOME
Override configuration directory
(default:
.IR ~/.config ).
.TP
.B XDG_CACHE_HOME
Override cache directory
(default:
.IR ~/.cache ).
.SH FILES
.TP
.I ~/.config/docmost\-cli/config.toml
Main configuration file (TOML format with profile sections).
.TP
.I ~/.cache/docmost\-cli/session.json
Cached JWT session token (Community edition auth).
.SH EXIT STATUS
.TP
.B 0
Success.
.TP
.B 1
General error (API error, network failure).
.TP
.B 2
Usage error (missing arguments, invalid flags).
.TP
.B 3
Authentication error (invalid credentials, expired token).
.TP
.B 4
Resource not found (invalid page ID, unknown space slug).
.SH EXAMPLES
Set up configuration interactively:
.PP
.RS 4
.EX
$ docmost\-cli config init
$ docmost\-cli config test
.EE
.RE
.PP
List pages in a space as JSON and filter with jq:
.PP
.RS 4
.EX
$ docmost\-cli page list engineering \-\-json | jq \(aq.[].title\(aq
.EE
.RE
.PP
Download a page as Markdown:
.PP
.RS 4
.EX
$ docmost\-cli page get abc123 > page.md
.EE
.RE
.PP
Create a page and capture its ID:
.PP
.RS 4
.EX
$ PAGE_ID=$(docmost\-cli page create eng \-\-title "New Page" \-\-file content.md)
$ echo "Created: $PAGE_ID"
.EE
.RE
.PP
Sync a space to a local directory:
.PP
.RS 4
.EX
$ docmost\-cli sync pull engineering \-\-dir ./docs/eng
$ docmost\-cli sync status engineering \-\-dir ./docs/eng
$ docmost\-cli sync push engineering \-\-dir ./docs/eng \-\-dry\-run
.EE
.RE
.PP
Search across the wiki:
.PP
.RS 4
.EX
$ docmost\-cli search query "deployment guide" \-\-space eng
.EE
.RE
.PP
Use a named profile:
.PP
.RS 4
.EX
$ docmost\-cli \-p staging page list engineering
.EE
.RE
.SH BUGS
Report bugs at
.UR https://github.com/glinhard/docmost\-cli/issues
.UE .
.SH AUTHORS
Georg
.MT georg@mann\-mouse.at
.ME .
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2026 Georg.
.br
License AGPLv3+: GNU Affero General Public License version 3 or later
.UR https://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl\-3.0.html
.UE .
.br
This is free software: you are free to change and redistribute it.
There is NO WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR docmost\-cli\-config (1),
.BR docmost\-cli\-page (1),
.BR docmost\-cli\-space (1),
.BR docmost\-cli\-sync (1),
.BR docmost\-cli\-comment (1),
.BR docmost\-cli\-search (1),
.BR docmost\-cli\-attachment (1),
.BR docmost\-cli\-workspace (1),
.BR docmost\-cli\-user (1)
