.\" Manual page for docmost-cli-page(1)
.\" Source: SPECIFICATION.md section 4.2, src/docmost_cli/cli/page.py
.TH DOCMOST\-CLI\-PAGE 1 "2026\-03\-22" "docmost\-cli 0.4.0" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
docmost\-cli\-page \- page operations for Docmost wiki
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B docmost\-cli page list
.I space\-slug
.RB [ \-\-limit
.IR N ]
.RB [ \-\-cursor
.IR cursor ]
.RB [ \-\-tree ]
.RB [ \-\-json ]
.br
.B docmost\-cli page get
.I page\-id
.RB [ \-\-raw ]
.RB [ \-\-meta ]
.br
.B docmost\-cli page create
.I space\-slug
.BI \-\-title " title"
.RB [ \-\-content
.IR md ]
.RB [ \-\-file
.IR path ]
.RB [ \-\-stdin ]
.RB [ \-\-parent
.IR id ]
.RB [ \-\-icon
.IR emoji ]
.br
.B docmost\-cli page update
.I page\-id
.RB [ \-\-title
.IR title ]
.RB [ \-\-content
.IR md ]
.RB [ \-\-file
.IR path ]
.RB [ \-\-stdin ]
.RB [ \-\-icon
.IR emoji ]
.br
.B docmost\-cli page delete
.I page\-id
.br
.B docmost\-cli page move
.I page\-id
.RB [ \-\-parent
.IR id ]
.RB [ \-\-space
.IR slug ]
.RB [ \-\-position
.IR N ]
.br
.B docmost\-cli page duplicate
.I page\-id
.br
.B docmost\-cli page copy
.I page\-id
.BI \-\-space " slug"
.br
.B docmost\-cli page children
.I page\-id
.RB [ \-\-json ]
.br
.B docmost\-cli page history
.I page\-id
.RB [ \-\-limit
.IR N ]
.RB [ \-\-json ]
.br
.B docmost\-cli page export
.I page\-id
.RB [ \-\-format
.BR md | html ]
.RB [ \-\-output
.IR path ]
.br
.B docmost\-cli page import
.I space\-slug
.BI \-\-file " path"
.RB [ \-\-title
.IR title ]
.RB [ \-\-parent
.IR id ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
Commands for managing wiki pages in a Docmost instance.
Pages contain Markdown content and belong to a space.
They can be organized hierarchically using parent\-child relationships.
.PP
Content is always presented as Markdown.
The underlying ProseMirror JSON format is converted automatically
unless
.B \-\-raw
is specified.
.PP
Page creation uses the server\-side import endpoint for reliable
Markdown\-to\-ProseMirror conversion.
.SH SUBCOMMANDS
.SS list
List pages in a space.
.PP
.I space\-slug
identifies the space whose pages to list.
.TP
.BI \-\-limit " N"
Maximum number of results to return.
Default: 50.
.TP
.BI \-\-cursor " cursor"
Pagination cursor from a previous response.
When omitted, pagination is followed automatically until all pages
are retrieved (up to
.BR \-\-limit ).
.TP
.B \-\-tree
Display pages as an indented tree showing the parent\-child hierarchy.
.TP
.B \-\-json
Output as a JSON array instead of a Rich table.
.SS get
Get page content as Markdown.
.PP
.I page\-id
is the UUID of the page to retrieve.
.PP
By default, only the Markdown content is written to stdout,
making it suitable for piping or redirection.
.TP
.B \-\-raw
Output the ProseMirror JSON representation instead of Markdown.
.TP
.B \-\-meta
Prepend YAML frontmatter containing page metadata
(id, title, space, created, updated, creator).
.SS create
Create a new page via Markdown import.
.PP
.I space\-slug
identifies the space to create the page in.
.TP
.BI \-\-title " title"
Page title.
Required.
.TP
.BI \-\-content " markdown"
Inline Markdown content string.
Mutually exclusive with
.B \-\-file
and
.BR \-\-stdin .
.TP
.BI \-\-file " path"
Read content from a Markdown file.
Mutually exclusive with
.B \-\-content
and
.BR \-\-stdin .
.TP
.B \-\-stdin
Read content from standard input.
Mutually exclusive with
.B \-\-content
and
.BR \-\-file .
.TP
.BI \-\-parent " id"
Parent page UUID.
When set, the new page is nested under this parent.
.TP
.BI \-\-icon " emoji"
Page icon emoji.
.PP
Outputs the new page ID to stdout and a confirmation message to stderr.
.SS update
Update an existing page's title, icon, and/or content.
.PP
.I page\-id
is the UUID of the page to update.
At least one of the options below must be provided.
.TP
.BI \-\-title " title"
New page title.
.TP
.BI \-\-icon " emoji"
New page icon emoji.
.TP
.BI \-\-content " markdown"
New Markdown content (inline string).
Mutually exclusive with
.B \-\-file
and
.BR \-\-stdin .
.TP
.BI \-\-file " path"
Read new content from a file.
.TP
.B \-\-stdin
Read new content from standard input.
.SS delete
Delete a page.
.PP
.I page\-id
is the UUID of the page to delete.
.PP
Prompts for confirmation unless the global
.B \-\-yes
flag is set.
.SS move
Move a page to a new location.
.PP
.I page\-id
is the UUID of the page to move.
At least one of the options below must be provided.
.TP
.BI \-\-parent " id"
New parent page UUID.
Omit to move the page to the root level.
.TP
.BI \-\-space " slug"
Move the page to a different space.
.TP
.BI \-\-position " N"
Position among siblings (zero\-based index).
.SS duplicate
Duplicate a page within the same space.
.PP
.I page\-id
is the UUID of the page to duplicate.
.PP
Outputs the new page ID to stdout.
.SS copy
Copy a page to a different space.
.PP
.I page\-id
is the UUID of the page to copy.
.TP
.BI \-\-space " slug"
Target space slug.
Required.
.PP
Outputs the new page ID to stdout.
.SS children
List child pages of a parent page.
.PP
.I page\-id
is the UUID of the parent page.
.TP
.B \-\-json
Output as a JSON array instead of a Rich table.
.SS history
Show page version history.
.PP
.I page\-id
is the UUID of the page.
.TP
.BI \-\-limit " N"
Maximum number of history entries to return.
.TP
.B \-\-json
Output as a JSON array instead of a Rich table.
.SS export
Export page content to a file.
.PP
.I page\-id
is the UUID of the page to export.
.TP
.BI \-\-format " format"
Export format:
.B md
(Markdown, default) or
.BR html .
.TP
.BI \-\-output " path"
Write to a file instead of stdout.
Prompts for confirmation if the file already exists
(unless
.B \-\-yes
is set).
.SS import
Import a file as a new page.
.PP
.I space\-slug
identifies the space to import into.
.TP
.BI \-\-file " path"
Markdown or HTML file to import.
Required.
.TP
.BI \-\-title " title"
Override the page title.
If omitted, the title is auto\-detected from the filename or
the first H1 heading in the file.
.TP
.BI \-\-parent " id"
Parent page UUID to nest the imported page under.
.PP
Outputs the new page ID to stdout.
.SH EXAMPLES
List all pages in a space:
.PP
.RS 4
.EX
$ docmost\-cli page list engineering
.EE
.RE
.PP
List pages as a tree:
.PP
.RS 4
.EX
$ docmost\-cli page list engineering \-\-tree
.EE
.RE
.PP
Get page content as Markdown and save to file:
.PP
.RS 4
.EX
$ docmost\-cli page get 019a2a69\-xxxx > page.md
.EE
.RE
.PP
Get page content with YAML frontmatter:
.PP
.RS 4
.EX
$ docmost\-cli page get 019a2a69\-xxxx \-\-meta
.EE
.RE
.PP
Create a page from a file:
.PP
.RS 4
.EX
$ PAGE_ID=$(docmost\-cli page create eng \-\-title "Deploy Guide" \-\-file deploy.md)
.EE
.RE
.PP
Create a page from stdin:
.PP
.RS 4
.EX
$ echo "# Quick Note" | docmost\-cli page create eng \-\-title "Note" \-\-stdin
.EE
.RE
.PP
Update a page's content from a file:
.PP
.RS 4
.EX
$ docmost\-cli page update 019a2a69\-xxxx \-\-file updated.md
.EE
.RE
.PP
Delete a page without confirmation:
.PP
.RS 4
.EX
$ docmost\-cli \-y page delete 019a2a69\-xxxx
.EE
.RE
.PP
Move a page to a different space:
.PP
.RS 4
.EX
$ docmost\-cli page move 019a2a69\-xxxx \-\-space devops
.EE
.RE
.PP
Export a page as HTML:
.PP
.RS 4
.EX
$ docmost\-cli page export 019a2a69\-xxxx \-\-format html \-\-output page.html
.EE
.RE
.PP
Import a Markdown file:
.PP
.RS 4
.EX
$ docmost\-cli page import eng \-\-file runbook.md \-\-parent 019b3c8f\-yyyy
.EE
.RE
.PP
Batch\-retrieve page titles as JSON:
.PP
.RS 4
.EX
$ docmost\-cli page list eng \-\-json | jq \(aq.[].title\(aq
.EE
.RE
.SH EXIT STATUS
See
.BR docmost\-cli (1).
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR docmost\-cli (1),
.BR docmost\-cli\-space (1),
.BR docmost\-cli\-sync (1),
.BR docmost\-cli\-comment (1)
.SH AUTHORS
Georg
.MT georg@mann\-mouse.at
.ME .
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2026 Georg.
License AGPLv3+: GNU Affero General Public License version 3 or later.
