.\" Manual page for docmost-cli-search(1)
.\" Source: SPECIFICATION.md section 4.5, src/docmost_cli/cli/search.py
.TH DOCMOST\-CLI\-SEARCH 1 "2026\-03\-22" "docmost\-cli 0.4.0" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
docmost\-cli\-search \- full\-text search across a Docmost wiki
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B docmost\-cli search query
.I query
.RB [ \-\-space
.IR slug ]
.RB [ \-\-limit
.IR N ]
.RB [ \-\-type
.BR page | attachment ]
.RB [ \-\-json ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
Full\-text search across all pages and attachments in the Docmost
workspace.
Results include a highlighted snippet showing the matching text
in context.
.SH SUBCOMMANDS
.SS query
Execute a full\-text search.
.PP
.I query
is the search string.
.TP
.BI \-\-space " slug"
Restrict search to a specific space.
.TP
.BI \-\-limit " N"
Maximum number of results.
Default: 20.
.TP
.BI \-\-type " type"
Filter results by type:
.B page
or
.BR attachment .
.TP
.B \-\-json
Output as a JSON array instead of a Rich table.
.PP
Table columns: id, title, highlight.
.SH EXAMPLES
Search across the entire wiki:
.PP
.RS 4
.EX
$ docmost\-cli search query "deployment guide"
.EE
.RE
.PP
Search within a specific space:
.PP
.RS 4
.EX
$ docmost\-cli search query "API endpoint" \-\-space eng
.EE
.RE
.PP
Search for attachments only:
.PP
.RS 4
.EX
$ docmost\-cli search query "diagram" \-\-type attachment
.EE
.RE
.PP
Search and output as JSON:
.PP
.RS 4
.EX
$ docmost\-cli search query "onboarding" \-\-json | jq \(aq.[].title\(aq
.EE
.RE
.SH EXIT STATUS
See
.BR docmost\-cli (1).
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR docmost\-cli (1),
.BR docmost\-cli\-page (1),
.BR docmost\-cli\-attachment (1)
.SH AUTHORS
Georg
.MT georg@mann\-mouse.at
.ME .
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2026 Georg.
License AGPLv3+: GNU Affero General Public License version 3 or later.
