.\" Manual page for docmost-cli-config(1)
.\" Source: SPECIFICATION.md section 4.1, src/docmost_cli/cli/config_cmd.py
.TH DOCMOST\-CLI\-CONFIG 1 "2026\-03\-22" "docmost\-cli 0.4.0" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
docmost\-cli\-config \- manage docmost\-cli configuration
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B docmost\-cli config init
.RB [ \-\-profile
.IR name ]
.br
.B docmost\-cli config show
.br
.B docmost\-cli config set
.I key value
.RB [ \-\-profile
.IR name ]
.br
.B docmost\-cli config test
.SH DESCRIPTION
Commands for managing
.B docmost\-cli
configuration.
Configuration is stored in a TOML file at
.IR ~/.config/docmost\-cli/config.toml
and supports multiple named profiles for different Docmost instances.
.PP
See
.BR docmost\-cli (1)
for the full configuration file format, environment variables,
and priority chain.
.SH SUBCOMMANDS
.SS init
Interactive setup wizard.
Prompts for the Docmost URL, authentication method (API key or
email/password), and credentials.
Writes the result to the configuration file.
.TP
.BI \-\-profile " name"
Profile to configure.
Default:
.BR default .
.PP
If a profile already exists, its values are shown as defaults in the
prompts.
.SS show
Show current configuration with secrets masked.
.PP
Displays a table of all settings for the active profile.
Sensitive values (API key, password) are partially redacted.
.SS set
Set a single configuration value.
.PP
.I key
is the configuration key to set.
Valid keys:
.BR url ,
.BR api_key ,
.BR email ,
.BR password .
.PP
.I value
is the value to assign.
.TP
.BI \-\-profile " name"
Profile to update.
Default:
.BR default .
.SS test
Test connectivity and authentication against the configured Docmost
instance.
.PP
Attempts to connect to the Docmost API and authenticate using the
current configuration.
Reports success or a detailed error message.
.SH EXAMPLES
Run the interactive setup wizard:
.PP
.RS 4
.EX
$ docmost\-cli config init
.EE
.RE
.PP
Set up a staging profile:
.PP
.RS 4
.EX
$ docmost\-cli config init \-\-profile staging
.EE
.RE
.PP
Show current configuration:
.PP
.RS 4
.EX
$ docmost\-cli config show
.EE
.RE
.PP
Set a single value:
.PP
.RS 4
.EX
$ docmost\-cli config set url https://docs.example.com
$ docmost\-cli config set api_key dm_xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx \-\-profile staging
.EE
.RE
.PP
Test the connection:
.PP
.RS 4
.EX
$ docmost\-cli config test
.EE
.RE
.SH EXIT STATUS
See
.BR docmost\-cli (1).
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR docmost\-cli (1)
.SH AUTHORS
Georg
.MT georg@mann\-mouse.at
.ME .
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2026 Georg.
License AGPLv3+: GNU Affero General Public License version 3 or later.
